Have guys who want KMAX an now in this video we'll be working in the designing section.
OK.
And after the designing section I'll show you how the review of the product for it.
So let's just go to the pages and let's create the pages that are that important and that is the home
page and the blog page OK.
So I'm just going to go to the sample page and I'm going to remove this page right now.
And now here I want to add a new age and that will be my home page.
OK.
So let's just come here let's just search for home page.
Or you can just search for the normal home OK.
And then we have the template.
So make sure you select the home page.
OK.
And let's hit a date.
So do not add anything here.
OK you can see that our home page has been updated like this.
We have to add a new page and that will be the blog page.
I'm just going to come here.
I'm going to hit blog Krait now and her blog.
And let's just come here and let's get published so you can see that the blog page and everything is
set up and now what we have to do we have to go do the reading and then we have to just change this
so for the home page I need it to be like home.
OK.
And for the block post page I need to select the blog.
Now let's just hit save changes and you can see that everything has been changed.
Well let's have a look at it.
Say that how it is looking and you will see how amazing it looks so we have the Homere here hash tag
by category.
We have the new products and then we have on sale.
We have the best sellers in nothing.
So we'll be customizing this whole section now.
So let's just go ahead and let's say customize and you can see that we can customize it from this right
now.
So let's just click here and you can see this has taken us to that customized page.
And we can now customize our whole web from here.
You can see everything is right here.
We have the site identity hair footer back trone but it does lay out OK.
And then we also have the menus and the home setting.
So here we can also manage the home base.
We have the additional C Ss and then we have the more section.
OK so now we will be free king of this section in the in this video.
Ok not the next video.
So in order for us to add this what we have to do we have to just come here to the more and then we
have to head this right now so that we can edit this page.
OK.
And you can see that we have some of the extensions right here.
This is install and go enhancement.
So we have card Darb we have this one and we have this.
So we basically want to just work with it.
OK.
So what we have to do we have to install now.
This should be installed.
We have to install Now this as well let's it activate to activate this one.
OK we have to leave the site for this leave.
OK.
So let's first activate this one and then we're going to activate the other one.
So we have store front product sharing.
OK.
And then we have.
We should be having one more.
OK let's just go to the store front again.
OK.
And let's activate that as well.
So let's just activate OK and you can see stickie at two card has also been added so you can see that
every plug in is right here.
OK.
And if I just go to visit my site and then you can see what I want to do right now.
I just want to edit this whole thing.
So what I'm going to do I'm just going to go to the customized right here OK and let's see that what
are the things that we can customize.
We have site identity we have the header footer background buttons layout menus and everything.
But we cannot edit this home page.
OK.
So how we going to edit it.
What we have to do if we want to edit this whole page so let's just go to the view that appearance and
the let's go to the store front.
OK.
And then here we want to edit everything.
So this is the plug in that we have to get.
OK.
In order to just work so you can see if I just open this up you can see it say store for an extension
bundle or pay.
This means storefront is a free initiated team for newcomers.
Make it your without touching the code of storefront extension bundle so you can just work that this
you can work with this.
You can just optimize everything.
You can keep your store running in shape OK.
And then we have this one right here so it get started today.
But I would not recommend you to work for this tour friend because this team is not professional at
all.
Yes sorry.
I'm sorry but this team is not really professional.
We're just working with this team so that we can have the basic understanding.
OK.
And again see that we have already got the basic understanding of this is how this thing works.
And I would not recommend you to move this thing.
OK.
So we are just going to be working over the custom I.S. store front.
Used to have a stick estimate so that we can vary these changes but it is not letting us work that this
section right now.
So I'm just going to go ahead.
I'm going to go to customize and then we're going to customize the look and feel of our.
So let's just start from scratch let's just go from the site identity to the CSA.
So what we have to do we have to go to say that entity and Hurby have a tagline.
So I'm going to add a tag in my tagline is going to be the best online store and hey I want to add a
logo.
So it's just come here to the logo.
I just upload files and select the files so the logo that I want to add right now.
So I'm just going to go to this.
And let's add a logo.
So I'm just going to add this one over.
OK.
This should be added right now.
This is here and it's going to hit select right now and you can see that I need to crop the image.
So let's just increase the size of it and let it drop.
So you can see this is right here and this should be coming here.
OK.
This is like this.
This is the logo that has been added and this is the home blog and everything.
OK.
So you can see that we're done with the logo.
Now let's go to the head right here.
So you can add a header back image if you want to you can add a header background image but I will not
be moving with the header background image.
OK I just want the background colors show the background color to be
the blue gray.
You can see how this is looking.
OK.
I can also go with the red one.
So the back Chrome is going to be red.
OK.
I will be going up for the full block version.
OK so you can see that my head is turned to block the text color is going to be white so it will be
turned to white.
OK.
And the link color which is these.
I'm going to select this to be right as well so you can see this will be turned white as well see so
how are you looking.
I pray you can see everything is looking totally ok.
Awesome.
I'm going to go down and we have the footer.
So we're going to customize the footer here as well.
I'm going to choose the background colors to be the same block so that we match the header and footer
site everything.
We have the heading color it should be worried the text scores should be filed in a bit of gray and
then color should be saying
OK let's go ahead let's hit publish and let's go back.
So now we have the background which is this one.
OK so you can add a Bactrim image if you want to but I will be moving up with a code and that will be
eBay eBay EBAY so that it turned a bit of gray.
Not before.
So now you can see that this is hole visible.
This is not the full light so I'll be moving up this knowledge to go back and we have the topography.
So you can just change the heading color text color and the link color as well.
I'll be moving up in the default setting right here.
Text color and the link exent color everything is looking great.
Now we have the burden.
So for Button I need to fit the background color so my background color will be blue.
So you can see the blue has been added.
Now here I need to text ticklers so my text color is going to be right.
OK.
And my alternate background color.
So you can have these select the alternate background color if you don't want to add the blue.
So for this I need to add the purple.
OK.
And the alternate background text color would be this one as well.
Let's just go back and we have the layout.
OK.
So here we can select that variable on the sidebar.
You guys already know about it.
OK.
And then we have the menus so you can also work with the menus you can create a main menu right here
and you can work with it.
OK.
So now let's go back to the veggie tray here.
We will be breaking up the digits later on in the upcoming videos.
And now you can see that we're totally done with the styling of our website and our website is totally
new looking.
OK.
So if we just compare the previous version and the new version you will see how great it is it looks
right now.
OK.
So if I also go to the shop page right now you can see how my shop page is and everything.
So you can work with this pretty well and you can design your own e-commerce site like this but this
is not professional OK.
This is just used for learning purposes.
You can build your e-commerce site on this theme if you want to store Fronde is mostly used by so many
commerce based Web site.
OK.
But I would not recommend you if you need professionality in your site if you want to buy the complete
protrusion of the storefront.
You can go you can see that I would but I would not recommend.
So you can see that we're totally done with this in the next video we'll learn about the categories
default section which are the section that we want to show.
And after that we will learn about the checkout things that how a person can check out at our website
and then we will move forward to stadium guys and goodbye.